oh yeah and guys sorry if I went a
little fast I'm not trying to go that
fast
sorry
one second guys when you defend the
right here side then don't come back
didn't see which one is probably the
best
oh sorry guys it was on sorry them I
think that's okay if you want to change
it you can
anyways changed to that gray let's
change that cuz if you don't know she
has a gray crown instead of a oops
instead of a instead of a joke and then
you're gonna probably either choose this
this one its head or that look I'm gonna
go for this one or you can choose a just
one I might go for this one okay
Rosalina shoot for down went up it went
up get it get it
I wanna and then choose whatever mouth
you want but with like that kind of
mouth so I would probably do it like
that you can add an earring if you want
to that one but I don't remember the
last time I saw her wearing earrings so
and then it takes a while to write the
name so this time I'm gonna make sure I
pause okay so then the final stuff to do
is at the odd the favorite color which
is like or you can just choose or
original bloom anyone will be fine but
I'm going for like blue all right now in
my world I'm mostly making these for
Tomodachi life hoping they get it soon
so yeah we just made peach
Daisy Rosalina I think they're okay if
you want any that me to make an updated
video on these I will so bye